How many have ordered DVDs
and haven’t paid?
Claire.
Uh, yeah.
I could stop by
on my way to school.
It’s really important.
Um– Uh, Cheryl,
can I call you back?
Okay. Great. Bye.
Yes, Phil. What?
I was going through
your drawer in the bathroom
looking for some lip stuff...
’cause my–
Lips were dry.
God, you know me.
Phil.
Remember the spa certificates
we got at the children’s
hospital auction?
Mm-hmm.
Well, look at this.
They expire tomorrow.
Oh, well,
what are you gonna do?
Claire, I don’t think you’re
grasping the magnitude
of this package...
valued at over $250.
- Sweetie–
- If you don’t use ’em,
then all our money
just goes to charity.
What am I supposed to do?
Somewhere between dropping off
Alex at orchestra...
and picking up Luke
from practice–
oh, and burning a bunch of DVDs
of the talent show–
I’m gonna, what,
pop in for a quick salt scrub?
I thought Cheryl
was doing the DVDs.
She’s supposed to,
but somehow she’s
got me doing it.
Here’s what you do.
You say, "Cheryl,
no can do today.
Need a little me time."
[ Laughs ]
Have you met Cheryl?
That’ll be my new nickname.
I’ll be Claire "Me Time" Dunphy.
It’s not worth the headache.
Just say you’re sick.
Then I’ll run into her
and it’ll be a whole thing.
If that happens,
say you were on
your way to the pharmacy.
Phil, darling, no.
Not helping.
Fine. I’ll give them
to Florence Gunderman
at work.
Her hands are gross
ever since she took up
the banjo.
Hey, Mom, I need
some money for lunch.
We’re all gonna go–
Oh, my God!
Take off my sweater!
Mom, tell her to take it off!
Alex, take it off.
Last week she wore
my sweatshirt without asking.
That is true.
Oh, please,
that was an honor for your
stupid old sweatshirt.
It was the first time
the top half got
any exercise.
Now, Mom, that’s
my favorite sweater.
I just got it.
You know what you girls
need to learn to do?
You need to learn to share.
Because that’s
what sisters do.
All right, Haley,
nothing’s gonna happen
to your sweater.
Right, Alex? Hmm?
Okay, fine.
Then I will just go put on
your favorite nerdy T-shirt,
the one with the guy
from Back to the Future on it.
That’s Albert Einstein.
And it is not nerdy.
Well–
[ Door Opens ]
[ Mitchell ]
Hi.
- Hey, Daddy. How was
the farmer’s market?
- Well, it was great.
- But guess what
the new spinach is.
- Um, radicchio?
- Kale.
- No!
I know. I was just
as blown away as you are.
Oh! Well, I guess we’re going
to have to adopt– yay–
a new attitude
towards kale.
Maybe we’ll even adopt...
a new vinaigrette.
Adopt. Yay!
Okay, what’s going on here?
I’m taking the negative charge
out of the word "adopted." Yay.
What did Oprah do now?
She had a girl on
who at 16 found out
that she was adopted,
and felt betrayed
and ran away
and became a stripper,
and not
the heart-of-gold kind,
the by-the-airport kind.
Okay.
All right,
go get your gavel,
Judge Judy.
No, not at all.
I’m adopting– Ah–
a tolerant attitude
toward your flights of lunacy.
Adopting! Yay!
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
Alex, come on. Hurry up.
The later we are,
the more Cheryl texts me to do.
I’m coming. I’m coming.
[ Grunts ]
Tell me again
why the violin just wasn’t you.
It’s too happy.
[ Cello Falls ]
[ Sweater Rips ]
Oh, my God.
Okay, hang on. Hang on.
Hang on. Let’s see.
It might not be a big deal.
Here we go. Let’s see.
Oh! Okay.
Is it bad?
No, it’s gonna be fine.
You’re gonna be okay.
Oh, honey.
Hey, I forgot my phone.
Hi.
What?
Nothing. I love you.
So weird.
You better not spill anything
on that. Okay, dork?
Relax. Half the 11th grade’s
been inside this sweater.
- [ Scoffs ]
- [ Claire ]
More than anything,
I want my girls
to stop fighting and be close.
I want them to share clothes
and do each other’s hair
and gossip about boys,
like I used to do
with Mitchell.
Gloria, let’s go!
Let’s go! Let’s go!
Hey, Jay, have you noticed
a spring in my step?
Oh, kids say cruel things.
That doesn’t mean
you’ll turn out that way.
No. We have something in common.
I’m seeing a younger woman.
- How much younger
are we talking about?
- Thirteen months.
Her name’s Chloe.
- She makes me feel
like a fifth grader again.
- Good for you, kid.
Mmm. There they are–
my two dirty old men.
Hey, pretty soon
you’re gonna be north of 40,
and I’m gonna have
to trade you in
for a newer model.
Am I right, buddy?
That’s my mother, Jay.
You ready?
It’s such a beautiful day.
Why do we have to do this?
Because when this thing
is behind us, we never have
to think about it again.
Come on.
[ Groans ]
I went to a funeral
last Saturday,
and it got me thinking
about where Gloria and I were
gonna end up after we die.
Yeah, it’s been a fun week.
I don’t like loose ends.
So I made a few calls.
I found these people
selling a couple of primo plots
in the best cemetery in town.
Not that I’m gonna
go there anytime soon.
Don’t be so sure.
With all that bacon
that he eats.
Well, I gotta give
my cholesterol pills
something to do.
Mmm. Mmm. I don’t care
how much they promote it.
Kale is a garnish.
It’s not ready
to anchor a meal.
Look at this.
Oh, my God!
Lily’s little hat
that we bought her
at the airport in Vietnam.
Remember how cute she looked?
Remember
how I used to wear it...
and walk around and act
like I had a giant head?
Mm-hmm.
That was good acting.
Oh!
What are you doing?
I’m putting together a scrapbook
of how Lily became ours.
Her adoption certificates
and pictures of her
from her village,
all out in the open,
so she has nothing
to be ashamed of.
You leaving that on all day?
And I’m also gonna write
a little storybook,
something I can read her
at bedtime– called
"Two Monkeys and a Panda."
Oh.
She’s the panda
because she’s Asian.
And we’re monkeys because–
I can draw monkeys.
Okay. Well, I think
this is a great project,
and I believe you
are gonna finish it.
Oh, my God!
What?
Lily’s adoption certificate.
Her name
is Lily Tucker Pritchett.
Right.
Not Tucker-hyphen-Pritchett
like it’s supposed to be.
First name, Lily.
Middle name, Tucker.
Last name, Pritchett.
Well, that can’t be right.
This is a legal document.
She only has your last name.
My name’s just a middle name.
Stay calm. Don’t get upset.
Nobody knows
anyone’s middle name.
Quick.
What’s my middle name?
Scott.
Of course you know mine.
We’re a couple.
This is obviously a mistake.
But you’re the one
who filled out this paperwork.
You don’t
make mistakes like this.
You correct mistakes like this.
[ Gasps ]
You did this on purpose.
What?
You buried my name
so your name
could have top billing.
No, I am not gonna sit here
and listen to you accuse me
of something so horrible.
It makes so much sense now...
why you wanted to fill out
all these legal forms.
Well, I’m a lawyer.
I fill out
all the legal forms...
ever since you signed up
for a 12-year gym membership.
The more you spend,
the more you save.
All the women at work
were too busy to use
the certificates.
So I called the spa
and asked them to extend
the expiration date.
But they said no. Really?
Here’s something
they didn’t count on:
You mess with Phil Dunphy,
the claws come out.
You have very nice hands.
Soft like lady’s.
Thank you, Kim.
I appreciate that.
My wife
never seems to notice.
This is it. Ta-da!
What is "ta-da"?
I’m just saying this is it.
Ta-da.
"Ta-da" is
when you do a flip,
or where the magician
cuts the pretty lady
in half,
not when you show someone
where you want to shove
their dead body.
I’m not gonna argue
the proper use of "ta-da."
This is it.
Seriously?
In the file cabinet?
It’s called a crypt.
And how are you not getting
how great this is?
We’re four down
from Bugsy Siegel.
No. I’m not going
into any wall.
I’m going in the ground.
Sorry. Not me. There’s enough
not to like about death
without adding dirt and worms.
The whole thing
gives me the willies.
You die,
you go to the ground.
It’s natural.
You go back to the earth.
Here you’re just
a mushy bag of bones...
[ Gasps ]
rotting away
for all eternity.
Sorry for your loss.
Can we get the hell
out of here?
What am I supposed
to tell the guy?
Tell them we don’t want
our bodies inside these drawers
where God cannot find us.
These are not like
our drawers at home.
People can find things in these.
I’m thinking
of getting bangs.
Ooh, you totally should.
You would be so cute
with bangs.
You have the face for it.
I don’t.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
Oh, there’s my better half.
Kim, would you mind?
[ Whispering ]
Thank you.
You’re welcome.
- Hey, honey, where are you?
- Oh, I’m on my way to Downey.
Oh. Did you know
Karen and Richard Carpenter
grew up in Downey?
What a random
and not helpful fact, Phil.
I’m sorry. I’m having
kind of a rough day.
Yeah, I’m kind of having
a rough day myself.
[ All Laughing ]
Look, Phil, I need you
to take care of dinner for me.
What’s wrong?
Alex ripped Haley’s
favorite sweater,
and now I’m driving around
from store to store...
trying to find
the exact same one
before Haley finds out.
Don’t do that.
Just explain to her
what happened.
- Uh-uh. Haley’s not
gonna understand.
- Sure, she will.
No, Phil,
you don’t understand.
I’m trying to avoid this
turning into a whole big thing.
Then just get her
something close. She’ll
never know the difference.
Phil, could you just
take care of dinner, sweetie?
That’s all I’m asking.
I’m just saying
there’s a simpler way
to do this.
There is no simpler way.
Just make dinner.
Thank you.
[ Line Clicks ]
Hello?
[ Chuckles ]
What?
Mr. Pritchett!
We’re the Rutledges,
the ones selling the spots.
Hi. Hi.
Oh, my gosh.
Look, honey.
I hadn’t heard.
Martin is in.
Well, look at that.
I’m sorry.
Is that a friend of yours?
We’ve made a point
to get to know everyone
in the neighborhood.
We think it makes it
less awkward,
you know, later.
Oh, I’m sorry.
This is my wife, Gloria.
Oh.
I’m Ed,
and this is my bunk.
And this is my loving wife
and devoted mother
of three, Winnie.
She’ll be here.
[ Jay ] Well, I don’t know
what our lineup is yet.
But at home
I sleep on the right side,
so probably there.
We don’t mean to be rude,
but you seem to be much
younger than your husband.
You’re not rude.
I’m very much younger.
Is that a problem?
Well, it’s just that
there’s a good chance...
you’ll be moving in
long before she would.
Our concern is,
your wife remarries,
and she wants
to be laid to rest
with her new husband.
So she sells this spot
to the highest bidder.
And we’re left lying next
to a complete stranger...
without even so much
as a formal "how do you do?"
Gloria,
tell them you’re in.
I don’t know, Jay.
I think they have
a very good point.
And they’re
not crazy at all.
What do you mean
they have a good point?
I don’t think
this is going to work.
Good luck getting someone
into your drawers.
[ Knocking ]
It occurs to me
that I may have gotten
a little too upset...
and jumped to some conclusions
that were perhaps not true.
I realize now...
that you would never
intentionally do something
so unthinkable, so–
I just wanted to say
I’m sorry for accusing you.
- I did it.
- I knew it. You two-faced–
- Let me explain.
- There–
There is no explanation.
There is just no excuse.
I just wanna know why.
Okay. You know
how some women say they forget
how painful childbirth was?
Well, I-I think that you were
forgetting how panicked you were
before we got Lily.
- You were freaking out.
- I was not.
So it says that we can put
the mattress at one
of three different levels.
Which one should we do?
I don’t know.
Well, just think about
how far down she should be–
I don’t know.
I can’t do this!
[ Screams ]
Okay. Oh, this latch
system’s great.
What did people do before this?
I don’t know.
Stop asking me questions.
Cam–
I can’t do this.
I can’t.
Well, I– I don’t see
what that has to do
with anything.
I was scared that it was
just gonna all be
too much for you...
and that you
were gonna leave,
and then I would be the one
taking care of a baby,
and half of her last name
would belong to the guy
who left us.
It was a mistake. I’m sorry.
I wanted to have it changed,
but I needed to get
your signature,
and I was afraid that it
would start a big fight
and that you would hate me–
Okay, I’m confused.
You’re saying that if she
tells me she has a problem,
I’m not supposed to help her?
Not unless she asks
for your help.
But if she lets me help her,
I can make her problem go away.
Oh! That is such
a male thing to say.
[ Women Laugh ]
Well, forgive me
for being a man.
Mm.
Mango or kiwi?
Ooh, kiwi.
When you say,
"Do this or do that,"
all she’s hearing is,
"I’m smarter than you."
Believe me,
she doesn’t think that.
Mm.
She doesn’t want you
to solve her problems.
She just wants you
to give her support...
so that she can solve
her problems herself.
Yes, and sometimes–
sometimes she just wants
a sympathetic ear.
Whoa. Whoa.
Oh, yes.
Mm-hmm.
Maybe it’s all the creams,
but that just made sense,
girlfriends.
Okay, yeah.
So if Claire says,
"I hate getting stuck
in traffic,"
I shouldn’t say,
"Maybe you should
leave earlier."
No.
Or, "Don’t get
on the freeway."
I should just say,
"I know. It’s so frustrating."
Yes, that’s it.
Really?
Yes!
And if she says,
"The waiter I had today
was so rude,"
I shouldn’t say,
"Maybe you should have
just ordered...
something on the menu
for once."
No.
I should just say,
"What a jerk."
Yes! Yes!
And if she says,
"Phil, the TV’s
driving me crazy,"
I should just say,
"I know. There is not enough
quality programming for women."
No. Turn off
the damn TV.
Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Okay, now I’m
confused again.
- So I heard you had
a rough time today.
- Yeah, well–
Remember the days
when we thought
we’d live forever?
Don’t you wanna go play?
When do I ever play?
I’m kind of wrestling
with this whole older man,
younger woman thing.
It’s like Chloe
and I grew up
in different worlds.
Today I made a joke
about the Wiggles.
It went right over her head.
I don’t know what that is.
It’s an expression.
It means she didn’t get it.
[ Sighs ]
Yeah, sometimes
this age thing
knocks you in the head.
Is that
what this is about?
I always knew your mother
might remarry after I’m gone.
That never bothered me.
I figured her husbands
would be your dad, me...
and some putz who could
never live up to me.
But what if I’m not
the main guy?
What if some other guy is?
What if I’m the putz?
When my mom and dad
got divorced,
do you have any idea
how many guys chased
after her?
The phone
didn’t stop ringing.
Men would stop her
on the street.
Guys would propose to her
from moving cars.
And they were
good-looking guys, Jay,
with money.
I think one of them
was a Kennedy.
Where are you going with this?
When you showed up,
I didn’t think
you had a prayer.
You were
so nervous and sweaty,
I felt sorry for you.
I had to climb
three flights of stairs.
- But of all people,
my mom fell for you.
- I’ve got a few moves.
She said
she fell in love with you
during your first fight.
What?
She said she’d
finally met her match.
Huh.
So if you think she’s
just gonna replace you
when you’re gone,
then you are
the putz.
Thanks, kid.
I appreciate that.
I thought you liked me
when I first showed up.
Please.
For the first month,
I didn’t even bother
to learn your name.
Is she back yet?
She’s on her way.
Did you find it?
I did– at the fifth store
I went to.
It was in the window,
and I had to undress a mannequin
while a creepy guy filmed it,
so we have that to look
forward to on the Internet.
Thank you so much, Mom.
You’re welcome.
Now go put that exactly where
you found the other one, okay?
Okay. Mwah.
Uh-oh.
What?
The security tag,
it’s still on.
I told those people
to take that off.
Oh, no.
She’s pulling
into the driveway!
Okay, it’s fine. It’s fine.
Don’t panic. I’ve got it.
She’s getting
out of the car!
I am doing it.
I’ve almost got it.
Oh, God. Oh, no.
[ Liquid Splatters ]
- What is that?
- Well, it’s ink.
[ Screams ]
Hide it.
She’s in the house!
What are you doing
with my sweater?
Oh, my God! It’s ruined!
- It was an accident.
- I knew this would happen.
You idiot!
Hey, hey.
Let’s try
to get along.
I wish she was
never even born.
They were trying
to make one with a brain.
Ah!
Honey, you guys
are both... pretty smart.
Ah.
Sheesh.
It’s that sweater, huh?
Yeah,
it is that sweater.
And I did everything I can
to stop them from fighting.
I don’t understand
why they can’t see
how much you love them.
I don’t know.
Meanwhile, Cheryl has
been calling me all day...
because she’s angry
I didn’t show up.
Doesn’t Cheryl have
a housekeeper and a nanny?
Why does she need so much help?
I know, right?
You work so hard.
You do so much.
I do.
Of course you do.
Oh, sweetie, thank you.
I really appreciate that.
Hey.
Yeah?
Who’s my gal?
I am.
Darn right.
Yeah.
[ Both Kiss ]
[ Chuckles ]
Let me get this.
Hey, by the way,
do you notice anything
different about me?
Uh-uh.
Huh.
Hmm.
What is it?
Nothing.
A haircut.
A week ago.
Okay, so tell me.
Forget it.
It’s not important.
Okay.
I’ll just go start dinner.
Listen,
I’ve been thinking.
When I go,
I want you to know...
it’s okay if you marry
someone else.
I know.
Because I want you
to be happy.
I’ll be happy.
You’re driving me crazy
on purpose, right?
Jay, I’m not going
to marry anyone else.
That’s what you say now.
But no one knows
what the future holds.
So I want you to have this.
Ay, look at this.
An empty coffee can.
Do you know what men
used to buy me?
When I go,
toss me in the fire,
sweep up my ashes,
stick ’em in that.
Ta-da!
We need to talk
about this "ta-da."
[ Can Hits Table ]
’Cause I don’t care
if it’s in a wall
or if it’s in the ground,
just as long
as I end up with you.
Aw, Jay.
It’s perfect. Jay Pritchett
sitting on the mantel...
in the old coffee can.
That will drive
the putz crazy,
and I like that.
[ Laughing ]
[ Knocking ]
Hey.
Um, so for whatever
it’s worth,
I called
the adoption attorney–
adoption, yay–
and on Monday they’re
gonna start the process...
of changing Lily’s last name
to Tucker-Pritchett.
Great.
Again, I’m– I’m so sorry.
Okay.
Um– Oh, I, uh–
I took a quick pass
at "Two Monkeys and a Panda."
So just let me know
what you think.
"Once upon a time
there were two monkeys.
They loved each other very much,
but there was
something missing."
A hyphen?
"They wanted a baby.
And they heard that there
was a very special baby
in a faraway land...
who needed a family.
She was a panda named Lily.
One of the monkeys
was scared.
They’d never had a panda before.
But they held Lily
in their arms,
and the scared monkey
became the brave one.
And the two monkeys"–
Coco and Miko.
- I’m sorry. What?
- Coco and Miko are
the names of the monkeys.
Really? That doesn’t seem
like it’s a little–
Coco and Miko.
I like that. I like that.
Coco and Miko. Yeah.
"They traveled all the way home
with the perfect panda
that they adopted."
Did she just clap?
She heard "adopted"
and clapped.
Cam, that’s amazing.
Oh, my God.
You did that.
Wha– You did that.
That is amazing.
I can’t believe that.
And just like that,
peace returned to our house.
Well, technically,
it’s my house, but...
I-I will–
I will fix that too.
Once we finished
writing the book,
we realized something.
We’re not
the only two monkeys
with a panda.
Gay parents
are a huge market, and
no one’s writing for them.
We thought we were
sitting on a gold mine.
But we weren’t.
Let’s see.
Oh.
"Gay Parenting."
"Gay Adoptive Parenting."
Okay.
"Gay Adoption
Foreign Children."
Wow.
"Gay Adoption
Asian Children."
What?
"Bisexual Adoption
Asian Children."
Oh!
"Transgendered Adoption."
[ Sighs ]
Okay, come on.
Let’s go, Miko.